This is a head-gum original.
Can we bump that up?
A little bit more in the head-gum.
Yeah, it's not up here, because it was really loud.
It was a really loud.
That was a little louder from me.
I'm going to be pissed.
That was really loud.
Can you turn my down, actually?
Yeah.
There we go.
Yeah, that's good.
Welcome back to another episode of the head-gum podcast.
We've got the two newest head-gum podcasters on the episode.
I think I need my turn down a little bit.
Turn down.
Yeah, it's loud.
It's loud, dude.
Yeah.
Is that a kind of pre-production?
Mine's drawn now.
Yeah.
This can do for me.
You can't hear anything.
Like, now I can.
It's less, it's been less and less.
I'm going to get started.
You're going to get sput.
Yeah.
You're good.
I think mine's.
I think fine.
Yes, that's good.
That's good.
I can see why the headphones, it's like not really a thing here, because it's like.
It's always how they work.
Experiences.
There's hours and that shares in charge of them.
I can hear other people's voice, but like mine is not coming through.
And I like mine loud.
Did you hear it?
Yeah.
Once his headphones very loud.
I don't.
Yeah.
It's funny.
We're good.
Can you hear that?
I can hear.
Yeah.
That's fine.
That's whatever.
I don't know which one of these is which.
Yeah.
Well, that's good.
You shouldn't just be like touching.
No.
I just.
I think you had it, man.
I think you had it.
Just let.
We can do that.
For Hayes is not a big.
As big a problem as it being too loud for someone else.
Right.
Usually it is too loud for everyone on this show though.
Doesn't seem like we have to choose.
Yeah.
There's no way.
Well, welcome to the show.
You guys don't know what this is at all.
No.
I've just been so busy.
I'm not devastated.
I'm disoriented.
Of course.
You guys just recorded that's why this is like a back-to-back episode.
We don't like to do.
And we leave it all on the field.
Yeah.
I'm exhausted.
I'm completely.
This is over time for us.
I'm sort of re-generating my, like, a joy.
Yeah.
I'm in the recovery period.
Now I'm going to use this for that.
Right.
Your reserve energy.
Yeah.
Your refractory period.
I would probably say, I mean,
how would you describe this show?
It's kind of chaotic, kind of silly.
Should be fun and funny.
Oh, totally.
My shit.
Right.
I think you guys will have a blast.
But Jeff's in charge of, like, the segments and stuff like that.
Absolutely.
There are segments.
Sometimes there's segments.
Sometimes there's what Jeff calls a waxing episode, which is just a free flowing
45 minute conversation.
That's an episode where I don't outline anything.
Right.
Okay.
But we haven't outlined today.
It's a free flowing conversation that occasionally touches.
I'm sure.
Yeah.
45 minutes of pop culture discussion.
I mean, spirited games and quizzes and gotcha journalism.
That's awesome.
Awesome.
Thanks.
You guys have been on that.
I've been doing that.
That's.
That seems nice.
Okay.
All right.
You guys have been on head again for, like, what, two weeks?
I don't know when it officially started.
Like, they had this whole thing about life.
Yeah.
They kind of kept us on ice for a minute.
Two to four weeks.
Let's say.
Two to four.
How does it feel?
You want me to say it in front of him here?
Yeah.
You can, this is an open forum.
I'm.
I'm going to be rude to everyone here.
I'm like, you think you got to know just met 20 seconds ago.
I've got some notes.
The cans.
The.
We can't hear.
Yeah.
We've been.
Clear.
But, um.
I, you know, we talk about it every episode on our show.
We feel like there could maybe be one of these offices.
Could be a second studio.
Me or says they're not even offering us?
I don't know what they are on.
I think they are on.
We're gonna do think another student, but I have rescinded my request for a second studio
I don't know if you heard and I have instead altered the request to be one working studio
Where the episode does get recorded
Okay, because that's not what we should do that first. This in series would be that one correct. Yeah
if the
cameras were turned on or if the SD card was not being
cameras are on now turned in some way. Okay, that's great. This is not our show
Yeah, but when we've recorded some time I just want to point out when they weren't on at the time
we were also under the impression that they were on
Yeah, okay, so you saying that in my experience is not necessarily mean
I don't double check it. I didn't think that was my job
But it's not had sometimes where we've been told you know
We don't have the audio for this episode. We don't have the video. That's happened more than once
Yes, yeah
Wait, when did you guys not have video
There was an episode of Flagger ones where the cameras
I don't think there was anything wrong with them other than the the power had not been activated
of them. Oh, interesting. Okay good to know off good to say
Get to hear but you guys have also been on earwolf you guys tried your own thing that didn't quite pan out
I mean
It got us here, you know like for me
I try to live without regret and I say like sure there've been periods of my life that were
Not ideal when we were operating the podcast independently
But I never would have ended up in this chair. Yeah, if we hadn't made those choices
So can I really be upset about that? Like seems like you don't like the journey sitting and you're saying the studio doesn't work
I like the chair. I don't like the couch. I do not like yeah
I also notice you guys are like time and nature. Yeah, you don't like the chair and you don't like the couch
So you guys are always on this side and that's right. Yeah, you're guys as guests did walk in earlier and they were like
This is a really nice studio though. So there is a wow factor that do you feel like was missing before maybe at earwolf
I mean again earwolf
It's not it was never a choice between this and earwolf right, you know
There's a choice between indian this yeah and before you were just sun zoom
Yeah, yeah, how this is in the outline
No, this is just the intro. We're trying to break it down. You guys can see angry. So I'm trying to like break the eyes
Well, you said you're gonna be mean
I was that you like you guys
You're gonna be angry. Yeah, what did you say earlier about
You have to start with that you did with him?
Okay, so for people who are just listening
Starting now to the or only out of the audio
Jeffery pointed at me have been pointed out over here. All right
I don't know what I said
We're the day I
said it
Sean said it that's what that that segment is the word of the day was the mirror. Oh, okay
So congratulations
We used to give people a thousand dollars for that, but I can't keep doing that because Venmo
Now you have to pay taxes on any Venmo transaction. That's why I choose the taxes. I'll cover the taxes
People who listen to this show probably listen to your show
Okay, great our show's called Hollywood handbook
It's now a headgun podcast
You mean now too. I mean that's that's most of it. I've
We've been on here for I guess two to four weeks
All right, let's get into it. I guess
WGA strike week six
Are you guys picketing are you on the ground? What are you hearing? What's the best sign you saw this week?
I
I have picketed before I had that I haven't done it this week yet, but I did see a sign where someone had a little bit
Right, just one second. Yeah, okay. You're bringing nothing today. Well, look you asked hey
So I'm listening to you. Yeah, but you're just kind of sitting there baking you're not saying a lot
Usually like you're dominating the discourse and coming out
He wasn't kind of a drill. I want it to hear at the sign what I also want to hear. I'm just saying like yeah
Let's get a little bit more to you. I just I can speak for it. Amir did not pick it this
This week. Yeah, and you're not on the wj has not been I'm not in the guild officially
He's not been perfect. He's also been like improvising a lot which is technically what's officially
Like to be in it. Hey, dudes and get
the all the but are you unofficially in it in some capacity? No, okay now
So you don't even need to say officially
But I am I am not officially in it. Yeah. Yeah, you're officially not in the guild. Correct. Yeah
What was the funny sign? It was a baby. It was about holding it and it said the M
T. P. stinks worse than my diapers
Oh, no the baby was in the same real babies. I really saw that the baby
I really saw that for real
That's so wow
Yeah, I can't hear my voice at all but but then but the sound though. I can't hear that sound. Yeah
Yeah, you know you'll catch me out pick it in. I go a little more than he's he's has a different job. He has a hat
Yeah, I've got a wj captain's hat at my car. Are you occasionally? I get it's not stolen by valour
I occasionally get deputized to uh to captain a gate. Yeah, why grids a captain?
Knocked me over with a feather a mirror. I can't believe I've heard it here two captains
I think I'm that's kind of exciting. Yeah, yeah, I mean, I'm not a
Is he a is he a captain like at all the time captain like he's like I think so
We'll have a good date. I'm not sure which which or which
We need to be for about ten minutes. All right. We have to move on. I'm sorry. We usually have a walk. This is discuss
Scotland's surgeon
Released from custody after police questioning
Is according to the Washington Post does a fish go say thorough back. Yeah, there's well
They're talking about Scotland's first minister Nicole's storage surgeon, but I also thought they were talking about caviar
Scotland's first minister
Throne back what did they say released
Yeah, that's what it says Scotland's first minister. Yeah, okay. I'll like first lady first minister and maybe it's like but
To most people put their feet up here. I would really like to do it and Sean does it
I just want to know if it's okay. There's a drink. I think it depends what vibe you want
Like you're coming in with like sort of a relaxed energy and you're like you look up
I don't know you look uncomfortable. I always like really squenched over here. Yeah, he gets so squenched in
When he has to share the couch. Yeah, I don't want to be able to couch. Yeah, too soft
You don't try it. I think that you know a lot of podcasts are recorded in like sort of office chairs like you know
Desk chairs. Yeah, and
I think it does make you sit a little more upright and feel like you're at work. Yes, and I think
This morning goes as drawing to lounge vibe. Yeah, because it is my job. Yeah, and when I'm sitting
sort of a table set up that I mean I know that like we're not even talking about a second studio any more
But if like if that conversation ever if it
Like a table as a real table student play yeah, if that was oh like a different vibe maybe that one more feel
Okay, I think chairs or something like that around a table
I'm in that and I can yeah, I can kind of lean and I just I'm a little more upright
I'm a little more engaged. I feel like I've been in KC. I don't fall. I haven't office chair
They have a table like they have a any more business like set up and have consistently been like
Doing better stuff for growing yeah the shows KC has been
off the
Fucking charts on the shows and I think it's so much of it is the KC is basically become the BTK of
Of podcast serial killers
Yeah, as you guys are saying this KC's looking at two different monitors. It looks like he's just online shopping
That's what that look yeah, that's what you look like with you online shopping is two different
Yeah, I have accessories on one what's that? KC's and one I got the color all the products. So yeah
We did do a couple of episodes of this where I was behind the boards just to prove that KC and Kevin's job
Is kind of easy. Yeah, we did that um yeah and
2012 we like basically every third not much you can do in podcast that we didn't start
chaotic and funny and fun
Discuss you know Jake just had a daughter
Jeff and I want to I want to like throw out she agenda here. I want to like move past like
We worked together now like let's talk about like you and like what your deal is and like what like
Have you guys ever met Jeff? No, this is literally the first time I've we've only ever
I was on it and like he works he does this podcast. Yeah, yeah, like and but I feel like instead
You're he's coming in with the network. Yeah, that I call home now. Yes, so don't look at the computer like let's like like like I have a lot
I know but like if can we is there like a chunk you went to college with Zack done
Yeah, no, I didn't know that we did this is the kind of thing we can make a while at an improv festival
Did I meet you then I don't remember then he does he goes just
You did a live episode of your show at the improv festival
That we got it. Yeah, that's I didn't know we were at that was it mean Gabriel's I think you couldn't make it that's it was you and Gabriel's okay. Yeah, so yeah
But um everyone from that seems to be
Doing great. Zack's doing great. Yeah. Well I introduced him to my whole network. So like yeah
Are you taking credit
You discovered Zach? No, I guess me introducing him to my entire network like I had had had no impact
So I'm not know I think that look amazing career
Like you did you discover Zach? No, yeah, I'm sure that has nothing to do with it
It's the whole we just put away the whole computer the whole computer. Yeah, it's been four hours outlining this
And I feel like there's a point where it's like it becomes too much
I can feel that the work you know what I mean like not in a good way. Do you want to just have a wax conversation?
I mean, I think we could start there and get to what you're describing by the way is a wax episode
Which every time I do what I do when I do that people hate when I do that
Yeah, okay, but the network are like you didn't prepare anything. Yeah, I was like they like this. Yeah, okay
This is the good stuff. Okay Jake's daughter's name is Gemma. Okay, but I thought it would have been better for name was like sandy
Why sandy her wits
What is that what is that? What is that? I think it's a cooler name. Oh, I see
Okay
What did say on the agenda? Yeah, what is this? Discuss Jennifer Aniston just partnered with Pavol
This is the next Pavol which stands for personal evolution
Okay, so if he Oh, Elvis offers yeah fitness and streaming classes using signature equipment streaming glasses. Yeah, it's encouraging folks to break a sweat not your body
Okay, I mean I'm happy for Pavol obviously
Yes, I have to say that
You know anything
That makes Jen happy makes me happy
We're just ripping through these these topics. I mean, I don't this is only one segment is only one segment. This is just one segment. This is like the discuss wax portion
This is the wax portion. This is there's always a wax portion and I have talking points to kind of unpack
Okay, in case the conversation rolls, okay
And this is just like the news that I was also like the president was indicted this this week as well
I don't know like okay, right, and did you also know that well
I don't want to talk about it when you and me on the bounty Marlin Brando's yeah, I know
The two pairs of pants. You knew this. Yeah, I know this and then he got a five-gallon top of ice cream
And he took like a little dinghy and he like rode out away from the boat and the director was like screaming
Megaflow'd be like please stop please stop you to get any eight the whole ice cream just like far away
Look at the until his pants split as he's he was splitting his pants all the time
Might be the weirdest thing that someone already knew on the show. Yeah, I just read the verbatim the per paragraph
That's written you went out in a little dingy to escape the director. Yeah, they were telling him
They were like please get under control your split a go out pants. We're running out of pants material like and you're
Eating a lot and he was like you think I'm eating a lot now and then he grabbed a tuba ice cream when he jumped a little
He scooted away and he had to get in the boat because otherwise they would try to
Grease my spirit take it away from his don't take another scoop
Yeah, how did you know that I knew Zack don't that's something that's not you're looking at me. I didn't say it
How did you know it? I don't I never reveal my sources see how is that that's not lax conversation
That's like you're looking at me again
Like I and I
The one who's a task like realization something just happened in my headphones
Wasn't I not nothing good, but that's done the show thing is happening and he's episode this show
Yeah, he's like on the episode every good
Yeah, usually this was one of the easiest ones to book ever
Yeah, Zack was tough. Okay. I didn't see that for my first day like three weeks in advance
I feel like I get Zack on my show. I have to stop him from doing it. That's true
It's when I feel like he's right now. I need to do it unemployed
So it's on the drive. Yeah, we talked to it was like the first force measure segment that you brought up right the WJ strike
Yeah, this is segment I like to call so what okay. This is
News headlines that kind of don't unaltymently matter
So ones were not part of that. Yeah, the other ones were interesting
So this one is I read news headlines and then we all say and you can see the dog
I'm not going to look at any of the words. I just want to see Sean can see it and I feel like I'm it's really strong
Yeah, you mean you're showing a shot. Wow, that's really small. It's not that long. It looks like um
It's a crib sheet. I'm getting a little sheet sheet. I'm getting flashbacks of when
Andy was the producer flagrant yeah, so there'd be just like little bullet points. That's where I remember
All of you can spend you used to boast an extensive pizza list
They don't have pizza anymore
No, so they have any pizza? They don't
Well actually, well, I have
Clearly more curious about this than this is this has haze locked in
And I think that haze was promised that when he does attend that establishment that he will be treated like family and family makes pizza
They don't have any pizza like well here's I guess my question this is like a known thing that they don't have pizza
I
Only have the headline. I don't read these okay. Sorry. Yeah
Plenty you stop pizza and they're stopping
They used to boast and extensive
Pizza list yeah, yeah, and they're and no more pizza okay now
Planner for shyness is painful, but some people are treating the wrong way
So you don't know what do you want us to say too? We're supposed to say that you're saying is so
more impactful and I had a big reaction obviously
Janice and partnering with Pavol
But I do think that like finding out that there is an incorrect comment in correct way to treat
Planner for shyness that is possibly making some of your listeners or me or people in my family
Suffer unnecessarily and that it could be corrected that seems more relevant and more impactful
Even than the partnership between Pavol and Janice Janice for Aniston
That's from Grout gets filthy. The model of Brando one too was you were on top of that one. Yeah, I know
But I don't think it it's not actionable in the way that um the plan is planar for shyness one is right
And then according to the New York Times bathroom Grout gets filthy. Yeah. Yeah, so what so much sure
Uh, I'd buy vision apple vision pro just to watch sports and I will
According to imore
dot com so what well that one's kind of interesting to
Declared it is not only what I do it. I'm going to do it. I would do it sure and fuck it watch me do it because it's happening
Teen tries to save it. And that's the kind of thing also that I feel like you could launch into like would would
She's the conversation
You know that's not the point of the segment though our other our other like what's producer has a whole segment we do
That is that is based on that
Where she brings up something it says was you do that and then you guys have a conversation
Yeah, we talked to them and are we do it and so maybe we could like I guess use that
That's the organic plug-in
Yeah, so would you do that would you buy apple vision pro just to watch now? You do want to have a conversation
Yeah, I don't want to dead end your guys. I won't I won't be doing it
No yet
Not the first adopter, but if you like try it and it's pretty cool. I wouldn't do it right and I will yes
That's really cool
Um, teen tries to save his brother, but both drown after jumping into a lake. Oh
Come on, hey man
So what
Kind of important
I would I don't know
I'm not necessarily on the same page as a mirror that it's like
Like it's like it's certainly important to them. I don't know if I would call it like an important new story sure
I also wouldn't react so what I wouldn't say so what that's horrible
I guess I'm just off. I guess I'm not
EG enough for this show. Yeah
Take a break. We'll be right back
The mirror we actually take we're taking a great an ad break. Okay guys our next sponsor has a product that I use
Literally every day all right and that's AG1 by athletic greens. I gave AG1 a try because
I frankly don't have enough energy to make it through the day. You know what I mean? Like I wake up
I could have slept nine ten hours and I just I feel lack of clarity and lack of
proper energy and it's hard also for me to keep up with a supplement routine
I used to take a bunch of different pills and supplements and vitamins to look out for my health
But now I get everything I want and need and more with AG1
So what is this stuff? Well with one scoop of delicious AG1 from athletic greens
You are absorbing 75 high-quality vitamins minerals and whole-food sourced ingredients of the highest quality
That can give you major benefits like gut and mood support boosted energy and even healthier looking skin hair and nails
My AG1 is delivered to me every month. So it's super easy to use on a daily basis. I will wake up
I'll have a glass of water. I'll have my AG1 and then I'll have my coffee and I'm off to the races
I mean, I don't know what else to say. I am a changed man since I started using AG1
All right. I get a single serving travel pack as well so that any time I'm gone
I never have to miss a day and it's one consistent routine in my routine that I am able to point to and be like
Oh look, I did something good for my health, right? You might not always get to be
able to go to the gym, right? You might not be able to get your 10,000 steps every day
But at least if you're taking AG1 once a day
You're getting all these high-quality vitamins minerals and whole-food sourced ingredients that are all good for your body and support all these positive things for your body
So if you're looking for an easier way to take supplements
Athletic greens is going to give you a free one-year supply of vitamin D and five free travel facts with your first purchase
Just go to athleticgreens.com slash what's that again? That's athleticgreens.com slash what's that? Check it out. Thanks athleticgreens
And you do you sell ads on this like consistently sell ads on the show every other week
Every other week. Yeah, that's pretty consistent and this is an ad. This is an ad show. This is an ad show. Okay
Supported by ads. I get paid hourly to do this. Whether we sell ads or not
Hour away. That's what we'll shit. Okay. It feels like we should sort of a perverse incentive structure bear
Yeah, I don't know if more hours is like
I mean that's my share of it. You said four four times. Yeah, my hourly rates. That was like over $100
Shit and the edible arrangement
Open for that
Yeah, the edible arrangements were an expense right because that's business-related
I was just gonna put that on my time card. Oh, so we're paying you back for the
Fruit that you both got sent fruit yesterday. Hey, is it a yeah, and it's really big
You're gonna look at the invoice and be like no chance. Yeah, that that's what he spent on these
But they they they were
Mass they were so big much too big. Yeah, really. I don't think you guys have compared
Photos though because yours was I got you the deluxe XL bridal pack is one or something okay
And then I ran out of personal money so then yours was like $10 and it was just kind of a cup
Mine I
Guess could you consume yours and personally?
I
It's some of it, but I you know, I was fortunate that there was a
Music class for babies happening in my backyards. There was a lot of like parents and
And children and nannies and and so I just I brought out the edible arrangement like walked into the backyard
And was met with like a big round of applause. Oh wow and I did a little twirl almost
In spite of myself when people had when I got the pop wow and then I just left it and and other people ate most of it. Yeah, and did you play it off like
Actually could you use the big one
Yeah, that was
Unfortunate I could not use the been just like just like hands like shit like show how much yours how big yours wasn't
Show big yours was just like okay, I mean, but if you were to hold it in visible version of it
Is there gonna be a lot more of like this like making me do physical thing like literally telling me to do like a physical
But this is where you draw the line. I'll do this one. I
Like you're not gonna hold in your way before this. Yeah, you can hold it just like that
I'll do I just yeah, I'll do this one. Okay, it was like this
So it was
$260. That scene or it was about nine ninety nine. Yes, okay
But it seems like
Yours wasn't 25 times. I also want to say mine was
Only really unusual in how huge it was the actual like fruit selection is
Was no it was I I think it was like pretty
Base it I mean it was like three different kinds of fruit just over and over and over and over and a lot of honey do
Honey, I guess the two different kinds of melon right you can't allow then you got of course
Strawberry strawberry and pineapple that's it. Yeah
This is a
segment we forgot to do
Casey's laughing because of how can't hear you
Yeah, this is bond to the week
So
Every week until the Daniel Craig is out as James every week until the next 007 is cast we're loving up our casting decision for bond
This week my bond doing you say lobbying up every time yeah
Usually when I'm explaining it to new guests repeat guests. I just say what's your bond of the week this week and they know what I mean
My pick this week is Sasha Obama
Because it's time for a James Young
It was just queued up at the right. Okay. Yeah
Okay
Who are you guys is bonds of the week
We're some of the repeat guests that you've had like
People have been never
People have staff at the network. I hope people who staff in that work. So Casey's on a lot Jay
The mirrors on a lot Jake used to be on a lot, but he's on paternity leave and and yeah, I'm here is normally like
Really dominating
He's sort of like he can start performance from a mirror. Not really. Yeah, I feel like that is the case at all
I mean we'll let the commenters decide but I feel like I've been we where where are they?
The commenters
The comment you just said the commenters and I said where are they you said who
YouTube where are the commenters YouTube? Yeah, right got it. Okay. Is this live?
Of course not as one of ours going up on YouTube yet. I yet
Okay, that's good. Two weeks. Kevin. Do you have a bond the week from someone you think would be good as James Bond?
Donald Trump. Wow. That's pretty good. Can you imagine that?
There's no way. There's your bond a week. I was gonna say Trump, but I guess no back joke of it or something
He just won the French open. No back joke of it. That's good. Sort of tall slender talented. Yeah looks good in this suit. Sure.
John
Candle Janner. Not bad
Casey
I was actually thinking Kendall Roy. There's no way I was thinking
Kendall Roy would be really good. All right. The character. Yeah, the character.
Maybe Jeffrey give you James Bond. That's good. His last name is James.
He'd better better suited to that.
We have two more things to get to. He's sort of in really he's he's. I don't want to do it.
I don't want to do it. He's because he's not here. You didn't want to do it.
Like it's a lot of like okay now do this like I already had to like do like I would say people don't usually enjoy
be on the show. But they usually participate in it. I am participating like I'm like
actually I'm trying to get to a place where we are just paid even more. Yeah. Like really
was trying to get his feet under him a little bit. There is a game that I do show that people don't
enjoy being up. Oh, handbook and they and that and that they do participate in. Sure.
But I would say that the format's a little more open. Right. And then we don't say do this.
There's been a you imagine if you did this. And that's like it seems really small. But it's a huge
it's huge. It's huge. It's an invitation or we say they're doing this. So to our an actually in
order like they're doing that. Oh my gosh. Look at them doing this. Yes. That's what we do.
So to y'all this feels like you're being met with a wall. No. Not even that. I totally understand.
We have to move on. Here's something that is not going to feel any better for you guys to
stomach. Okay. Okay. This is new. There's something to get the energy out. Yeah.
I see you rise. Consistency of sand when you're charting old grains. Oh, girl. You've got to
scald till the rice over cooks. The hoisin will glob to my hands. When you're burning the rice,
cauterized grains see or thus. Scalded rice is caked with char scraping up burnt rice and
damaged rice is scoped in oil. Scalded rice is searing the searing the searing the searing the
that was really good. Thank you. Yeah. We do parody songs sometimes our shows and so you know
big respect. It's always tough to come out and really sing the parody song. Do it live with
the karaoke track and so thank you for doing that. That's the name of the real song. I don't even know.
I love it. I love it. I love it. He's calling notes, right? Call notes. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Call notes.
Scalded. So we've been sort of a massive announcement of songs about burning rice. Okay. Okay.
So we did rhythm of the rice. We. It's always you. It's always been one two weeks ago.
But you wrote it for her. Sure. Okay. I'm a massing an album. Correct. There's rhythm of the
rice to the tune of rhythm of the night and then there was a rice burn which was to the tune of
skyfall and then what was the other one Casey? I can't remember there's been so many. Oh, isn't
all of the rice instead of all of the lights. Yeah, I realized you. It's like a small pool of words
that you use. Right. So a lot of a lot of grains, a lot of rice poison and soy. But anyway,
this is just adding to the album and then I wanted to see if you guys had any notes. Here's a
way to part open discussion. What inspired this to be like the focus of the song, like was there
a particular experience you had that. Well, I'm glad you asked. We the old studio used to be in the
arts district down the street from a place called Omsby. Which was sort of. It was a one of those
rice triangle. Oh, Nicky. Oh, yeah. Yeah. It was an only Gary restaurant. But nobody ever ate
there except for us. It's closed now. Very aily based. Yeah. There's a lot of mayo and bowl. A lot of
mayo, a lot of rice. Yeah. Very little filling. So I sort of became this runner at the network of
just talking a lot about rice. So that's where rhythm of the rice came to be because Omsby
closed in the pandemic. So it was sort of like a, I don't know, uology to Omsby. And then I said,
like, let's take it a step further. Let's talk about how you would actually prepare the rice.
Maybe you'd burn the bitch. You know what I mean? Okay. You would burn it. Let you kind of
purposely charred. Notice how he just said burn it. I just want to sort of like point out like
scalping. You would want to do that. Like how you would prepare it. If you open your own.
I'm just been going on for like years. Yeah. Yeah. I did the restaurant.
The restaurant never writes. No, the restaurant prepared the rice to perfection. It was just too much
rice in these. What are they called? But you want people to burn it. I don't think it's a lot.
Why? Why? Oh, no. So what? The introduction of the burning. Like where it is. It was just too
song. It just kind of worked. Because I'm thinking like when you say the first one was rhythm of the
rice. Yeah. This is the rhythm of the night. And this, why? Like this could have been private rice.
Yeah. But instead it was scalded rice. Sure. So it feels like the burning and the scalding aspect of it
is hurting you. So you're saying I think back to just thinking about rice limiting. Well,
I don't get where that comes from. Like I go like we hated this rice restaurant that gave us too much rice all the
time. I thought it was an experience where you cooked it and then you yeah. Three years ago I ate
rice. That wasn't burnt. And now I sing about it being burned. In fact, the case you don't care
about any of the other versions of this like it now knowing how long to go. Yeah. Do you
mind if I just read through the lyrics and we can keep scrutinizing it. Yeah, sure. I see rice.
It's fine. Consistency of sand. Okay. Would you say. Maybe her with. Right. That's pretty good.
It sounds right. It's my bond by the. It's like a sandier. It should have been. When you're
charting old grains. Oh, girl. You've got this gold. So you thought you do want what's the
what's the the base lyric like what are we playing off of? I see you you see me when you're
blurring the lines. You're making a scene. Oh, girl. You've got to know. And so you turn when you're
blurring the lines to when you're what charting old grains. Yeah. Okay. What I thought really was
that you had eaten rice that was prepared incorrectly and burst in that. Because it was like
I thought it was going to be instructional of like this is what you need to do instead. All right.
Blurring the lines sounds kind of like burning the rice and you turn that into charting old grains.
Blurring the lines sounds like it's like as close as you can get. It's a layup. It is so
clear to burning the rice. Yeah. You changed it to charting old grains. That's a good note.
Blurring the lines should have been burning the rice. Is that what you're saying? What's but what's the
next line? What are you asking questions? The answer is always no. So just stop working towards him.
Got to scold till the rice over cooks. The poison will glob to my hands. Is that how you pronounce it?
Poison or glob of it? That girl is hoisted. Yeah. That's how you pronounce it. That's really good.
When you're burning the rice or frink, cauterized grains seared thus. And that's instead of
you can't escape my eyes. So the other ones we've just been blowing through so fast.
I just feel like I've been stuck in this. We're making a meal of this rice song. Yeah. Well this,
but this is you're intentionally getting further away from the the source sounds and that. I
resent. I like that noise. This is one thing that I think we can't explore. It feels like the beginning
of like a Sergio Leone movie, right? That's like the weather vein. It almost sounds like the word of
the week sound effect. Yeah. What time are we at KC? We've been going for about a 39 minutes.
All right. We have to move. Wow. Well that's actually very surprising. Yeah. That's impressive.
Amazing. Maybe we can get onto something with all those really bad things. We didn't do anything with
when I hold my an hour down here. I would have said, I would get at the old jackpower man. I would have
said 24 minutes or 21 minutes. Oh wow. Time flies when you're out of the way. You guys might
like this segment better. So you're bringing it down the house. This, this, it's jeopardy.
Real quick. Just so you guys know, Jeopardy is pretty much the apex of the Hedigan podcast. This is like
I'm feeling that right. Yeah. I'm feeling that. Yeah. I do bring out Jeopardy for important episodes.
We did almost a jeopardy. Yeah. We can cut that. It's Jeopardy. This is an exciting moment.
Built on a site called Jeopardy Labs. We did this at a live show and it was a hit.
What are you talking about for tickets? Commenters have gone podcast where not great. Not great.
Not great. There's like 250 people.
We rolled into like a weekend of festivity. So it started like, say specifically. Okay.
I just sort of wonder where. But all the, all the reactions to this episode will be like,
Holy shit, they're doing Jeopardy. Oh, I went right to Jeopardy. This is like the most exciting part.
Yeah. Well, skip straight to Jeopardy. If you want, guys. I guess. If it ends up being 250 people coming
to a live show, if that's like, if I can get like a piece of that, I'm like, I'm ready to engage with that.
I just so far have not been. Like being able to pinpoint where the upside is for me in any of this.
But if it is like, I do that. I do that. I'm a person. I'm a live show means like, yes. Okay.
And I was out. You know, I was on Jeopardy. And I lost. Did you know that? No. No. Okay. I thought you said that
you were going to like do gotcha journalism and like be mean and stuff. I thought this would be a very
easy. This is a layup. Right. It is like blurring the lines becoming blurring, burning the rice
for you to be like, hey, as I know, like you suck shit at this or whatever you lost. Right. Like,
that would have required more research on my part of this. Okay. This is Jeopardy,
Hollywood edition. Okay. Um, you did this. Okay. Here's some upside. We'll do this again.
Like we used to do. Uh, this is for actual cash. So the numbers you see on the screen will be,
I will then mow you. Okay. Uh, here we go. Jeopardy, Hollywood edition team one is going to be
Sean team two is a mirror. Team three is Hayes. Do we have a buzzer or anything? We do. Uh,
our categories are iconic. Where's the buzzer? You don't see the buzzer. Okay. But you'll hear. Okay.
The categories are iconic LA fair. All things, Gower. Barnes stole art parts faults.
Joan Dittian's Los Angeles and Fairfax hidden gems. Are we clear on this? Yeah. All right.
Sean, why don't you start us off? Okay. I'll go uh, all things Gower for 200. All things Gower for 200.
The best music mastering facility on Gower Street.
That's real. And then I say do I have to answer in the form of a question? You do. You got a buzz in first. Yeah.
Okay. What is siren studios? Oh. That's really close to Gower. Yeah. That's really good.
That's all you would. Oh, yes. You guys want to steal? I don't know the answer. So he lost $200.
Yeah. Yeah. You at this point now owe you $200. Okay. So just yeah. I do not. I don't want to do. I
don't know the answer. So I don't want to lose money. I don't want to lose money and it's not. We were
looking for what is Bernie Grunman's mask. Okay. I've never heard of that. But I didn't say about it. Yeah.
A mirror controls the board. Why? Just for some reason. Okay.
Barnesville art parks faults for 100. Barnesville art parks faults for 100. One of Barnesville art parks
faults. But it's okay. Go ahead. Yeah. There's no bathroom. I mean, I don't just agree with you.
But that's. Correct. Okay. I just don't feel confident enough that what I would say would
it's just one thing that's up there. There's only one answer for this one. Yeah.
200 and 300. Okay. Some of the other questions have more than one answer.
This, I guess this like subjectively has different answers. But there is a right there. There's a
category. There's three. I think that's going to be the clue for every single one. Yeah. So in
that for this category, I just probably won't guess at all because what if I guess the answer
that's right. But it's not for this one. We're looking for what is it's not. Okay. Okay. So you are
showing up. Trying the gate. Three, six. Yeah. Five, four. Yeah. He's controls the board.
Let's go back to Gower for 300, please. All things they discourage you. Oh,
earned ding ding. Gower's golf. Yes. What is Gower golf? Oh. Okay. You know what? Actually,
no, I'll give you that one. Great. So that's $300. That's $300 in your pocket. That's actually
ultimately coming from, I'm here in John. Okay. What is another name for John T. Gower's
grundle? Okay. He got that. Hey, he's controls the board. I'm going to go to iconic L.A.
Fair for 200. iconic L.A. I was going to say it was they don't like you to bounce around
between the different categories because it would it would make Alex really like confused and
like upset. And he would start reading the wrong question and they go, oh it's
it's cute. And he would stop and they would be like, okay. Could all of the contestants please
turn around. We would turn around. And I honestly am the least qualified person to say what
happened when we did that because I was turning around, right? But they had to then do something to Alex,
to Alex, to the game, to the audience,
like I don't know what happened.
I don't know, I was turning around.
I have no idea, but they were really,
really scared of what happened.
Because my strategy was to go to different categories
on the ground.
Because then everyone, like they're stuck in the gower mindset.
Right, I mean, I'm ahead of them
on what the new tribe were to adapt.
I want to buzz in.
Yeah.
I want to buzz in on that.
OK.
The best place to get those thick ass pancakes,
the daddy likes.
What does it do, Paul?
That's right.
That's what I would say.
I'm not guessing again.
I'm already in the black, so that would be my guess.
That's not really not correct.
Where is all day, baby?
OK.
But I'm not going to take any away from you
because two cars also does have thick pancakes.
And it sort of depends on what you're talking about.
Well, this is iconic LA fair, right?
Yeah.
So two cars, which is an LA institution,
it's where Bosch's wife got shot on the TV show Bosch.
And it has been like a part of the sort of grow
farmers market and existed for whatever 50 years, 60 years.
You just have three locations.
And yeah, one is iconic.
The sign is iconic.
The pies are iconic.
And the pancakes are famous.
Like all of their stuff says the world's best pancakes.
All day, baby has existed for 46 months.
Yeah.
And, but it's just a specific location.
So it is not iconic LA fair.
Can I just say though, like LA's obvious,
it's always been a city of transplants and try telling
that to somebody who moved to like Larissa Street two months ago.
Gladly.
Sean, he just did try doing that.
OK.
Joan did he in Los Angeles for 100, please?
In a pool, probably.
Buzz.
Yep.
Where did Joan Diddy in lose her virginity?
Oh my god.
What?
I'm trying to get in the mine of his collection.
That was so pretty.
Come on.
I don't know.
This whole game show is kind of absurd.
It's going to be like where Joan Diddy and her son were doing.
Yeah.
What was the last thing you said?
Me?
Yeah.
That day.
Oh yeah.
That's all.
Nobody else wants to take a guess.
Casey.
Can you can play?
Well, sort of like a guess swing.
Go in a friend.
And a pool probably.
Jeff wrote the answers.
Oh, now.
I'm going to pass it to Kevin.
Where was Joan when President Nixon resigned?
Okay.
That's just inferred because she was also in a pool when she found out about the Manson
murders.
Interesting.
What do you know?
White album.
Amir controls the board for some reason.
Fair found out about the Manson.
Well, what if I had?
What?
Hey, did you hear?
What if I guess?
Yeah.
There's a guy named there's been no problem.
The Manson murders.
There'd be no problem.
Yeah.
There might be like piss because all of these are really specific and a little bit subjective,
but like there's room for error here.
Like I did give one.
Like he's like, yeah, every hundred dollars.
Yeah.
Fairfax hidden gems for a hundred.
An outdoor mall with a locals only air to it.
It's on Fairfax.
Post is saying.
Is it the girl?
Correct.
Okay.
Wow.
Sometimes it's pretty straightforward.
Sean is making up some ways to grow.
Okay.
You think the grove is giving off a locals only.
I've never felt welcome there.
So you're not a local.
You just moved to low risk history.
Sean controls the bloodstand Fairfax hidden gems.
Let's, you know, 200.
Yeah, 200, please.
Where are you from?
I'm from Cleveland, Ohio.
Okay.
This is like, this is a night like.
We could have started there.
Like there's a lot.
If you guys are open to it, we should have just done a wax episode.
It seems like it would really literally what I said.
Yeah.
If you stick around here long enough, you might even be able to see Drew Kerry.
IRL the grove again.
Not correct.
CBS.
That's absolutely correct.
Yeah, sure.
I go.
Did you minimize?
Okay.
So I get 200 more dollars.
You do get, ultimately, you're up, you're up 500 dollars.
Okay.
Um, Sean, I get to zero.
Hayes controls the board.
Let's go back to Gower for 100 dollars.
All things Gower for 100.
White.
So we're looking for a question.
The answer is a white, about Gower.
Uh, buzz in.
What is the, what color is the word Gower?
On street signs.
Oh.
It's done.
Incorrect.
It was just as good a guess as I.
I'm, I'm ready to, I'm ready to see what the answer is.
Yeah.
Okay.
Um, what was early Hollywood pioneer John T. Gower's race?
What are you guys considering that?
So I was thinking about people.
I was wondering, like, you know, people who live on Gower.
I feel like these were designed in a way.
Which they do encourage you to do on Jeopardy.
Where you just like pick a category and just kind of go in order.
Yeah.
And so the sequence of the answers was what was John T.
Gower's race.
White.
What is this even mastering facility on Gower?
That was the second one.
Okay.
It was Bernie.
Bernie.
Okay.
And then it was the, the Gower goaches.
Then they made for John T. Gower's.
Grundle.
Yeah.
So that that makes my lose your virginity guess.
Make more sense, right?
Because he does sometimes go.
Well, depends on what I don't think you go that far.
I didn't think it was a bad one.
100 point question.
I didn't think it was a bad guess.
What are all I was filming to that.
Is it feels like nobody's been able to get their footing?
Let's go iconic.
I fire 100.
I kind of got a fair list of it.
That's like you can almost buy two of those out of orange.
Under cook beef with a side of corn and potato hash.
Oh.
This is probably like since I know the area.
Yeah.
Operating.
I'm guessing this has something to do with like the Tamo shanter.
But I'm not actually guessing that.
I won't give it to you.
Okay.
That's a really good.
It is the prime rib from Louries prime rib.
Okay.
Equally as iconic is the Tamoshancer. Okay, great. So hey, it controls the board. You're also seemingly doing really well
Let's go back to iconic away fair. How to get kicked out of Nizawa bar?
Ask for a cut roll
That's interesting
The great the answer we're looking for is what is by doing the Omakase and then complaining why they don't have fries
Sean controls the board
Okay, Fairfax hidden gems please for 300 a place where pessimists like to eat
Oh, isn't there a place called a thing it like last half empty or something? Yeah, it's called something like that like a bar called glass half empty
Yeah
So that's a mirror's guess. Is that your guess is officially if it's right. I'll take it. I'll take it. I'll take it. Yeah, man. That was bait
What is canter's belly? Why?
What can't I see? What's so why you give me the board? Sure
Let's go back to Joan Dittian's Los Angeles. This category community
Okay
I'm ready for the answer what was Dittian surprised to find
While living in her pacific coast highway house. I'm not that's interesting because
When the Santa Anna's blowing and
While the fire is ablaze and it's aligned often times
The residents of Malibu have to kind of bend together. What book is that from? This is not a quote. This is a set that's I'm sitting
Let's do Barnes-a-doll art parks fault. Of course for 200
Another one of Barnes-a-doll art parks faults. I'm
Gonna say just so we'd like get through it faster. I'm gonna potentially give up 200 dollars by saying too many stairs
We were looking for what is it's sort of like tone definitely towers over a mixed-in come neighbor
With its manicured grounds flashy mansion and taunting jackarandas. I mean, how would you feel if you were in hospice at Kaiser?
Peering out your window and seeing a group of pansexual esthetes at a birthday picnic drinking petnath from cans and don't say
But it's so bad. It's like a petite natural. It's like a sparkling one and don't say
But it's open to the public because I've never felt welcome there
That's what you always have said about the growth. I don't feel welcome here
Okay, let's do art parks faults for 300 a third fault of Barnes-a-doll art park
Wonder if it's the bathroom thing now
What is no snack house? It felt like it was gonna be a short we did like a short one and then one was really long
And then he did like
Yeah, so that's that's the in the in the vein of what I expected and that's the last one
What do we normally get in terms of
What's jeopardy how many commenters are we talking about like is it round like a hundred for episode 80 doesn't and really how many?
Yeah, that sounds very
Wow
They go crazy for Jeffery though. Okay
What are all these other there's so many other tabs open. There's a bookmarks, right? How those are bookmarks? Okay
Two different banks
Yeah, well bank of America. I just want to say like
Would you guys start working with this podcast now work? Yes, I
Feel like a lot of prom I add really high expectations
So far
We've had one audio failure one video failure. That's like been like sort of what has taken place in the last two to four weeks and now I learn
That the host of the head-gump podcast is selling out 250 c
theaters
Doing the show really did that once
It's a hundred commenters for every episode that he puts on YouTube and
And it's in a position to be bookmarking two different banks
He needs to bookmark two different banks. Well, bank of America's my checking account
Well, as far as my credit card and then UFB direct is actually my savings because they have a five percent APY
So it's like if you're gonna park your money somewhere have access to it. You might as well even make money on your money
APY
plugs
What do you guys want to point the people to
Social media the show? I guess the head-gump podcast. Yeah, I mean
Feels like the only way we're gonna get traction here is if we can keep doing this show
You can somehow be associated with love to do a wax episode with you guys to sort of what do you do one again soon?
Yeah, I just think you say people are like really responding to love Jeffordy Jeffordy is like a number one rice song probably number two
You this was a best of episode. This is good as it gets
Gone sold out
Like calling this the head-gump podcast. I just feel like it's doesn't it's not like connecting back to
Head-gump really like I don't know. I am search and like trying to find purchase here at this place at head-gump
Well, it started as like a happy hour just talking to people at the network. That sounds great. Yeah, like that sounds really
Like people are just like passing through. They're they're all chilling. Yeah, this is like bizarrely formal
It's like very regimented. I feel like we didn't get to know. There's a lot of room to move
Yeah, exactly. There gotta be something in between a wax episode, which I've told people don't want. Yeah, wax is too loose. I think it's too much
People like staffers at the network like the segments I think because they don't have to participate as much
Maybe the mistake is that you guys bring a lot to the table and we don't need as much of an outline
Yeah, yeah, maybe maybe maybe I'm the problem. I agree. Yeah
Maybe it was us bringing too much to the table. Yeah, yeah
Social media
No, no, Max. No, I'm here. Oh my god. Follow me on Instagram
You're still trying to sell your Instagram handle, right? Yeah, still trying to sell that. What is it? Just a mirror
Subscribe to the flavor of one. Subscribe to the flavor of one. Yeah, give the buddy directly to the Patriot page
And do you used to have a Twitter handle that like you changed it and so you like lost your little star
What I might it used to be Jake in here. It was very fight and then I moved it to just bloom and filled right and then I lost you
There too. We're going your kind of separate ways on stuff creatively. No, really that
But yeah, we want it to separate and personal and I have a plug. Yeah, minus the Jake. Yeah
Vimeo dot com slash lonely and horny lonely and horny. Well, the poster says the long name. I see. Yes, do you not know that
Was there's a type on the poster in the kitchen? It should have read there. You don't know that it says Lonely and horny
My bed my kitchen said it should say Lonely and Hanway
Yeah, I've only been here two to four weeks. Yeah, that's a long time to note the type the typo is buried
It's it's really hard to find so it's really well
It's interesting that it should be easier to find because that's how that's what you need people to be going to yeah
It's like the one actionable thing in the poster my pitch actually is that it should be
Lorne Lee and horny and horny and horny calling
I'm trying to get it wet the sweet gun
I'm looking to bust
At Jeffrey James on Instagram at Jeffrey already on Twitter. We'll see you guys again next week
You
That was a hit-dum original